No, I don't want it.
She doesn't want to.
What about I?
She told you.
Oh, God.
I've worked hard to train you over the years.
And this is how you repay me?
It's not much money to have this.
I want to sacrifice.
In a grave.
I built you and this company.
I pay love for it.
The controller.
The name of love.
I am your father.
How can you say such things?
It seems in this house it's no room to tell truth.
I will never return here.
Why didn't you tell me to let it stop?
I don't know.
If I tell you that she didn't let me.
Is it enough reason for you?
I don't even know this person.
Everything what I can think about is the person from your past that you cared about.
It's your relationship with me.
Not to be a supervisor.
No.
I may really fall in love with you.